# FindYourSister

This is a simple framework for object detection.

## Installation

These packages are required by the program:

- OpenCV
- pkg-config
- python2.7
- pip
- Pillow (from pip)
- SIP (to build Qt projects)
- PyQt4
- rapidjson

virtualenv is recommended but not mandatory.

&nbsp;

For Debian/Ubuntu/Raspbian users, two scripts are provided.

  1. `InstallOpencvDeb.sh` in `tools` folder installs OpenCV and relative packages.
  2. `InstallPyQt4Deb.sh` in `tools` folder installs SIP and PyQt4. You should download the source code first and run the script.

You need to manually install rapidjson and Pillow.

  1. To install rapidjson, please check
     ```
     https://github.com/miloyip/rapidjson
     ```
 
  2. To install Pillow, please use pip
     ```
     pip install Pillow
     ```

&nbsp;

Finally build the program by the following commands
```
make
cd sloth
python setup.py install
```

&nbsp;

## Image Annotation

This program provides a simple tool for image labeling, based on sloth
```
https://github.com/cvhicKIT/sloth
```
You can find detailed document of sloth in `sloth/doc` folder.

Please note that the json image annotation files generated by sloth should be converted first before read by the program. Two steps are required in the conver.

1. Update sloth formatting by `gen_labels.py` in `tools` folder. You can adjust its behavior by editing `gen_labels.json` configuration file.
2. Generate final json annotation files by `gen_misc.py` in `tools` folder. A detailed usage of this script can be found at the beginning of the file.


